** Make sure you are keeping track of references as you go through the project. References doc in google drive folder.

1-17-20:
    Deliverable #1: Psuedocode 
        Description: rough outline of code
        Division of labor (who is working on what): 
          Devin and Jake- Data from JSONS
          Amrita and Shivani- Calculate spheres from sets
          Andrew and Elizabeth- Find spot for label

1-24-20:
    Deliverable #1: Introduction 
        Description: 
        Division of labor (who is working on what):
        What is the Biological Question? - Devin
        Why is it important ?- Jake and Elizabeth 
        What existing methods exist for answering this question and why are they inadequate?- Amrita and Shivani
        What is our solution? How it is better than other solutions? Andrew and Jesse
1-31-20:
    Deliverable #1: JSON file upload and parsing 
        Description: Reading the JSON file and parsing through the data describing the residues
        Division of labor (who is working on what): Devin and Jake will take the lead on this portion, in accordance 
        with the pseudocode they have already written, and delegate to other group members as needed.

2-7-20:
    Deliverable #1: Introduction Peer Review 
        Description: Review of the other group's introduction paper. 
        Division of labor (who is working on what): Each group member will review individually.


2-14-20:
    Deliverable #1:
        Description: Begin working on materials and methods section.
        Division of labor (who is working on what):
            General details  - Devin, Jake, Amy
            How does the program work? (including input and output types) - Shivani, Andrew, Elizabeth, Jesse
    Deliverable #2: 
        Description: Begin writing code for calculating the sphere
        Division of labor: Shivani and Amy will take the lead on this code, and delegate as needed. 
            
        

2-21-20: Materials and Methods section Due 
        Description: Finish working on materials and methods section.
        Division of labor (who is working on what):
            General details  - Devin, Jake, Amy
            How does the program work? (including input and output types) - Shivani, Andrew, Elizabeth, Jesse
            
            
2-28-20: Materials and Methods Peer Review 
    Deliverable #1: Materials and Methods Peer Review
        Description: Each group member will edit the other group's materials and methods paper. 
        Division of labor (who is working on what): Each group member will individually read and edit the other group's paper.
    Deliverable #2: Midterm presentation 
        Description: Put together presentation of project so far.
        Division of labor (who is working on what):
            Status/Accomplishments so far - Elizabeth, Jake
            Changes from initial plan/what is/is not working well - Devin, Andrew, Shivani
            How have we divided work/is the project on track/specific plans to finish - Amy, Jesse
            Compilation into slides - all members
    Deliverable #3: Have sphere calculations and JSON code stuff done 

3-6-20:
    Deliverable #1:
        Description: Continue working on code.  Begin writing code for the label placement based on spheres.
        Division of Labor: Elizabeth, Andrew, and Jesse will take the lead and delegate code as needed.

3-13-20:
    Deliverable #1:
        Description: Continue working on the code. 
        Division of labor (who is working on what): Most of the program should be complete, so all of the group members 
        will begin reviewing each other's code for efficiency. 


3-20-20:
    Deliverable #1: Results and Discussion section due 
        Description: Analyze our research to write the R&D section
        Division of labor (who is working on what):
            Test data set - Devin, Shivani
            Apply code to test set - Jake, Elizabeth, Andrew
            Describe results - Jesse, Amy, Jake


3-27-20:
    Deliverable #1: Results and Discussion Peer Review 
        Description: Review of the other group's results and discussion section.
        Division of labor (who is working on what): Each group member will individually read and edit the other group's paper.
    Deliverable #2: Begin reviewing and compiling Final Paper
        Description: Put together sections so far, edit and prepare to present.
        Division of labor: Each member will edit the paper.

4-3-20: Final paper due.
4-10-20: Final Presentation :)
